Add list of required MSVC components, update GCC/clang versions. (#12018)
godotengine/godot-docs: engine_details/development/compiling/compiling_for_windows.rst

    - `Visual Studio Community <https://www.visualstudio.com/vs/community/>`_,
      version 2019 or later. Visual Studio 2022 is recommended.

>       **Make sure to enable C++ in the list of workflows and the following individual components to install:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      **During installation make sure to select C++ in the list of workflows, and select the following individual components:**
```

Author: Done.

      .. tabs::

          .. tab:: Visaul Studio 2019
              - **MSVC v142 - VS 2019 C++ {arch} build tools (Latest)** for the target architectures.
              - **Windows 11 SDK (10.0.22621.0)** (exact version).

          .. tab:: Visaul Studio 2022
              - **MSVC v143 - VS 2022 C++ {arch} build tools (Latest)** for the target architectures.
              - **Windows 11 SDK (10.0.22621.0)** or newer.

          .. tab:: Visaul Studio 2026
              - **MSVC Build Tools for {arch} (Latest)** for the target architectures.
              - **Windows 11 SDK (10.0.22621.0)** or newer.

      If you've already installed Visual Studio without C++ support for the target architecture

>       or without Windows SDK, run the installer again; it should present you a **Modify** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you've already installed Visual Studio without C++ support for the target architecture,
      or without the Windows SDK, run the installer again; it should present you a **Modify** button.
```
